Fix CAD templates wrong content (#543)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/create-aptos-dapp/templates/nft-minting-dapp.mdx

# Create Aptos Dapp NFT Minting Dapp Template

[Digital Assets](../../smart-contracts/digital-asset.mdx) are the NFT standard for Aptos. The NFT minting dapp template provides an end-to-end NFT minting dapp. 

With this dapp, you can:
1. Create a NFT collection on Aptos.

> 2. Modify a premade generated front end UI to build a NFT minting dapp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modify a pre-made UI to build a NFT minting dapp.
```

3. Learn how to write a Move contract and front end connected to that contract. 

> In addition, it offers a beautiful pre-made UI for a NFT minting dapp users can quickly adjust and deploy into a live server.

Reviewer: This is kinda duplicitous of # 2
